1. What is a computation?

We can roughly say that a computation is producing an output in base of an input.

2. What do we mean by inputs and outputs to a computation? Give examples.
- Input: Data that our program receive. 
For example:
The arguments that are passed into a function.
The hit of a key on a keyboadrd.
A set of bits with special meaning.
- Output: the result of a previous computation.
A return statement.
A rendered image.
A voice message.

3. What are the three requirements a programmer should keep in mind when expressing computations?
Correctnes, simplicity, safety.

4. What does an expression do?
An expression is a computation.
5. What is the difference between a statement and an expression, as described in this chapter?
An statement is defined as "a basic unit of a program controlling the execution flow in a function, such as if-statement,
for statement, expression statement, and declaration",
while an expression is typically a function call, or an assigment.
expressions can also be statements for example: 
a++;

6. What is an lvalue? List the operators that require an lvalue. Why do these operators, and not the
others, require an lvalue?

7. What is a constant expression?
An expression that should not be changed, it's said to be a constant expression.

8. What is a literal?
A representation of values.

9. What is a symbolic constant and why do we use them?
A named object to which you can't give a new value once its initialized.

10. What is a magic constant? Give examples.
A value that we must not change that doesn't use the const specifier, or/and is not stored in a variable at all.
clarify its purpose. For example:
baz(2.3332812);
int foo = 155499;

11. What are some operators that we can use for integers and floating-point values?
+, -, =, *, /, <<, >>

12. What operators can be used on integers but not on floating-point numbers?
%, %=

13. What are some operators that can be used for strings?
+. +=, <=, >=, ==, !=

14. When would a programmer prefer a switch-statement to an if-statement?
when choosing among multiple constant expressions that are of type char, int, or enum.

15. What are some common problems with switch-statements?
Is limited to integers, people often forget to use "break".

16. What is the function of each part of the header line in a for-loop, and in what sequence are they
executed?
An initial declaration: mainly used to declare our iterator, a conditon: tells our loop when to stop, and a expression:
mainly use to declare what operation should be performed to our iterator.

17. When should the for-loop be used and when should the while-loop be used?
"for" fits better when we need a temporary variable, or and iterate is needed, and "while" fits better when we need to loop until an statement and we don't need a temporary to loop.
breaks our execution.

18. How do you print the numeric value of a char?
There are multiple ways, using "static_cast" or direcly storing our char inside an int can both accomplish the job.

19. Describe what the line char foo(int x) means in a function definition.
Declares a function of type char named foo that receives an int as its argument.

20. When should you define a separate function for part of a program? List reasons.

21. What can you do to an int that you cannot do to a string?
basic arithmetic.

22. What can you do to a string that you cannot do to an int?
concatenate it.

23. What is the index of the third element of a vector?
foo[2]

24. How do you write a for-loop that prints every element of a vector?
for (const auto& e : foo) {
   std::cout << e;
}

25. What does vector<char> alphabet(26); do?
creates a vector of type char with 26 elements initialized with ''.

26. Describe what push_back() does to a vector.
places the element between "()" at the end of our vector.

27. What does vector’s member size() do?
Returns the quantity of elements stored in a vector.

28. What makes vector so popular/useful?
To mention a few, the fact that it help us to store any kind of object and store it in a contiguos way
while being able to dinamically manipulate it without having to worry about memory leaks.

29. How do you sort the elements of a vector?
There are multiple ways to sort a vector but "sort()" is the defacto.
